[Okta v2] Make API Token Non-required When Using OAuth (#32877)
demisto/content: Packs/Okta/Integrations/Okta_v2/Okta_v2_description.md

Okta API tokens are used to authenticate requests to Okta APIs. 

### Prerequisites
1. Sign in to your Okta organization as a user **with administrator privileges**.

> 2. On the **Admin Console**, select **Security** > **API** from the menu, and then select the **Tokens** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Admin Console, select **Security** > **API** from the menu, and then select the **Tokens** tab.
```

### Prerequisites
1. Sign in to Okta Admin Console.
2. In the Admin Console, go to **Applications** > **Applications**.
3. Click **Create App Integration**.
4. Select **API Services** as the sign-in method, and click **Next**.

> 5. Enter the desired name for the created app (e.g. "Cortex XSOAR"), and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter the desired name for the created app (e.g., "Cortex XSOAR"), and click **Save**.
```

> 6. On the app configuration page, under the **General** tab and the **Client Credentials** section, select **Public key / Private key** for the **Client authentication** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the app configuration page, under the **General** tab and the **Client Credentials** section, select **Public key / Private key** for the **Client authentication** option.
```

> 7. Under the newly added **PUBLIC KEYS** section, click the **Add Key** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Under the newly added **PUBLIC KEYS** section, click **Add Key**.
```

> 8. In the **Add Public Key** dialog box, click **Generate new key**. Make sure to keep the generated private key (in PEM format) somewhere safe, and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the **Add Public Key** dialog box, click **Generate new key**. Make sure to copy the generated private key (in PEM format) to somewhere safe, and click **Save**.
```

> 9. Under **General Settings** section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Under the **General Settings** section:
```

   1. Next to the **Proof of possession** label, uncheck the **Require Demonstrating Proof of Possession (DPoP) header in token requests** option if it's selected.
   2. Next to the **Grant type** label, make sure the **Client Credentials** option is selected, and that the **Token Exchange** option is not selected.
   3. Click **Save**.
10. Under the **Okta API Scopes** tab, grant the required scopes mentioned above for the app.
11. Under the **Admin roles** tab:

>     1. click on the **Edit assignments** button.
>     2. On the dropdown list under "Role", select **Super Administrator**.
>     3. click **Save changes** at the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Click **Edit assignments**.
    2. In the dropdown list under "Role", select **Super Administrator**.
    3. Click **Save changes** at the top.
```
